hello hello this diack rise so
in this tutorial I will show you
how could we install
paid apps from the app store
totally for free then for that
so you need an iphone ios 7 or
senior john merrick is then for
install it you have to go to cydia there
must be installed
a tweak called link store so
when you see him here he has to
load so link store so here you are
have 2 yellow the official one
blue is the crash and because the link
official store has a lot of bugs in
done for the moment so it is
better to take there version
cracked for that you have to go in
the sources
you have to add one that carries the
hack your iphone name so the source
it's http 2 point slash bars
oblique resting points acquired your iphone
dot org slashes
camps-the-source she is installed you
go into the search worry
I will not put sources in the
description
so you go in search you
put the link store and you take the
blue diamond that's here if you do not
not put there the source it will not appear
of course so you install it
so same method as for others
since you get settled in
top right installed confirmed the screen
black with white source lines
you restart your device or the
springboard
when they ask for it and then
so you get to the dock and that's it
you go back to the normal page you
add wifi to go in
your app store what is normal
I'm going to the 3g because here I have
no I do not have wifi now
unfortunately and you have under a
paid application
I put airplane mode
sorry and here you have hanotaux link
store that is displayed here you click
above and there they are looking will be so
the same involvement for free
he will download it will install when
you have updates you are going
in the updates he will show you
so a usual update but the
abuse so always wants to try to do
to update normally because
you could forget the names of
applications that you have installed by
a parent was silent at the moment when
where you have an update you are going
Update 1 of milk will be here
click on update and he'll say
with this apple id there
is not available so full up
to the left
good here you're going to have to round neck
with the number of updates you
have you go on there I have no
update to do so he does not put me
not the names of the applications the
moment you know of updates to
do you click on the name you
want to update and it will do the same
installation the same procedure as
Installation
I hope I have informed you
for that it can be useful especially
when we do not want to pay for
applications
what I can totally understand
especially if you change from apple to samsung
or others quite recently
I am a little weak because apple
still remains above the others
brands
here I hope I have you anyway
learned something
do not hesitate to leave a comment
if you do not understand and you
subscribe to my channel too thanks a lot
goodbye